readme.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]
[![LinkedIn][linkedin-shield]][linkedin-url]



<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <h3 align="center">Dependency Injection Using Awilix</h3>
</div>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgments</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

[![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](https://example.com)

There are many great dependency injection examples; however, I didn't find one that really suited my needs so I created this enhanced one. I want to create a simple template that uses awilix, node, express and mongoDB.

Here's why:
* Your time should be focused on creating something amazing. A project that solves a problem and helps others
* You shouldn't be doing the same tasks over and over like creating a awilix with node, express and mongo from scratch
* You should implement DRY principles to the rest of your life :smile:

Of course, no one template will serve all projects since your needs may be different. So I'll be adding more in the near future. You may also suggest changes by forking this repo and creating a pull request or opening an issue. Thanks to all the people have contributed to expanding this template!




### Built With


* [![Node][Node.js]][Node-url]
* [![Express][Express.js]][Express-url]



<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

This is an example of setting up this project locally.
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

This is an example of how to list things you need to use the software and how to install them.
* npm
  ```sh
  npm install npm@latest -g
  ```

### Installation

_Below is an example of how you can instruct your audience on installing and setting up your app. This template doesn't rely on any external dependencies or services._

1. Switch to node version 14
   ```sh
   nvm use 14
   ```
2. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
3. Create .env by copying from .env.public




<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Usage

Use this space to show useful examples of how a project can be used. Additional screenshots, code examples and demos work well in this space. You may also link to more resources.

_For more examples, please refer to the [Documentation](https://example.com)_

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

- [x] Add initial template for awilix
- [x] Add test case using jest
- [x] Seperate main server and app for testing the routes
- [ ] Create modular template
- [ ] Multi-language Support
    - [ ] Chinese
    - [ ] Spanish




<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request




<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Darshan Gautam - [@LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/darshan-gautam-886393226)
               - [@email](dsrsangautam@gmail.com) 

Project Link: [https://github.com/darsan012/dependencyInjection-awilix-jest](https://github.com/darsan012/dependencyInjection-awilix-jest)




<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
## Acknowledgments
Some of the links where you can learn more about jest,awilix and this amazing template for readme

* [jest](https://jestjs.io/docs/getting-started)
* [awilix](https://github.com/jeffijoe/awilix#readme)
* [readme template](https://github.com/18F/open-source-guide/blob/18f-pages/pages/making-readmes-readable.md)




<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/darsan012/dependencyInjection-awilix-jest.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/darsan012/dependencyInjection-awilix-jest/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/darsan012/dependencyInjection-awilix-jest.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/darsan012/dependencyInjection-awilix-jest/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/darsan012/dependencyInjection-awilix-jest.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/darsan012/dependencyInjection-awilix-jest/stargazers
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/darsan012/dependencyInjection-awilix-jest.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/darsan012/dependencyInjection-awilix-jest/blob/main/LICENSE
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/darshan-gautam-886393226
[product-screenshot]: images/screenshot.png
[Node.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js%20-14-brightgreen.svg
[Node-url]: https://nodejs.org/
[Express.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js%20-14.svg
[Express-url]: https://expressjs.com/

Commit message:

added the Operation and testing this section

readme.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]
[![LinkedIn][linkedin-shield]][linkedin-url]



<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <h3 align="center">Dependency Injection Using Awilix</h3>
</div>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Operation and testing</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgments</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

<!-- [![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](https://example.com) -->

There are many great dependency injection examples; however, I didn't find one that really suited my needs so I created this enhanced one. I want to create a simple template that uses awilix, node, express and mongoDB.

Here's why:
* Your time should be focused on creating something amazing. A project that solves a problem and helps others
* You shouldn't be doing the same tasks over and over like creating a awilix with node, express and mongo from scratch
* You should implement DRY principles to the rest of your life :smile:

Of course, no one template will serve all projects since your needs may be different. So I'll be adding more in the near future. You may also suggest changes by forking this repo and creating a pull request or opening an issue. Thanks to all the people have contributed to expanding this template!




### Built With


* [![Node][Node.js]][Node-url]
* [![Express][Express.js]][Express-url]



<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

This is an example of setting up this project locally.
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

This is an example of how to list things you need to use the software and how to install them.
* npm
  ```sh
  npm install npm@latest -g
  ```

### Installation

_Below is an example of how you can make this ready to run._

1. Switch to node version 14
   ```sh
   nvm use 14
   ```
2. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
3. Create .env by copying from .env.public

### Operation and testing

_Below is an example of how you can run and test this project._

1. To run this project
   ```sh
   npm run dev
   ```
2. To test this project
   ```sh
   npm run test
   ```

<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

- [x] Add initial template for awilix
- [x] Add test case using jest
- [x] Seperate main server and app for testing the routes
- [ ] Create modular template
- [ ] Multi-language Support
    - [ ] Chinese
    - [ ] Spanish




<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request




<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Darshan Gautam - [@LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/darshan-gautam-886393226)
               - [@email](dsrsangautam@gmail.com) 

Project Link: [https://github.com/darsan012/dependencyInjection-awilix-jest](https://github.com/darsan012/dependencyInjection-awilix-jest)




<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
## Acknowledgments
Some of the links where you can learn more about jest,awilix and this amazing template for readme

* [jest](https://jestjs.io/docs/getting-started)
* [awilix](https://github.com/jeffijoe/awilix#readme)
* [readme template](https://github.com/18F/open-source-guide/blob/18f-pages/pages/making-readmes-readable.md)




<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/darsan012/dependencyInjection-awilix-jest.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/darsan012/dependencyInjection-awilix-jest/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/darsan012/dependencyInjection-awilix-jest.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/darsan012/dependencyInjection-awilix-jest/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/darsan012/dependencyInjection-awilix-jest.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/darsan012/dependencyInjection-awilix-jest/stargazers
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/darsan012/dependencyInjection-awilix-jest.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/darsan012/dependencyInjection-awilix-jest/blob/main/LICENSE
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/darshan-gautam-886393226
<!-- [product-screenshot]: images/screenshot.png -->
[Node.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js%20-14-brightgreen.svg
[Node-url]: https://nodejs.org/
[Express.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js%20-14.svg
[Express-url]: https://expressjs.com/
